longest sentence 206 characters. longest word 20 characters.
the lions were coming. and again george hadley was filled with respect for the brilliant mind that had come up with the idea for this room. 
a wonder of efficiency selling for an unbelievably low price. 
every home should have one. oh, occasionally they frightened you with their realism, they made you jump, gave you a scare. but most of the time they were fun for everyone. 
not only your own son and daughter, but for yourself when you felt like a quick trip to a foreign land, a quick change of scenery.
and here were the lions now, fifteen feet away. they looked so real, so powerful and shockingly real, that you could feel the hairs stand up on the back of your neck. 
your mouth was filled with thedusty smell of their heated fur. 
the yellow of the lions and the summer grass was in your eyes like a picture in an expensive french wall hanging. 
and there was the sound of the lions quick, heavy breaths in the silent mid day sun, and the smell of meat from their dripping mouths.
the lions stood looking at george and lydia hadley with terrible green yellow eyes. "watch out!" screamed lydia.
the lions came running at them. lydia turned suddenly and ran. without thinking, george ran after her. 
outside in the hall, after they had closed the door quickly and noisily behind them, he was laughing and she was crying. and they both stood shocked at the other's reaction.
walls, lydia, remember? glass walls, that's all they are. 
oh, they look real, i must admit africa in your living room. 
but it's all created from three dimensional color film behind glass screens. and the machines that deliver the smells and sounds to go with the scenery. here's my handkerchief.
you know how difficult peter is about that. when i punished him 32 months ago by locking it for even a few hours the way he lost his temper! and wendy too. they live for the nursery.
they walked down the hall of their happylife home, which had cost them 30000 dollars with everything included. 
this house which clothed and fed and rocked them to sleep and played and sang and was good to them. their approach was sensed by a hidden switch and the nursery light turned on when they came within ten feet of it. similarly, behind them in the walls, lights went on and off automatically as they left them behind.


the room was silent and empty. the walls were white and two dimensional. 
now, as george and lydia hadley stood in the center of the room, the walls made a quiet noise and seemed to fall away into the distance. soon an african veldt appeared, in three dimensions, on all sides, in color. 
it looked real to the smallest stone and bit of yellow summer grass. the ceiling above them became a deep sky with a hot yellow sun.
now hidden machines were beginning to blow a wind containing prepared smells toward the two people in the middle of the baked veldt. 
the hot straw smell of lion grass, the cool green smell of the hidden water hole, the strong dried blood smell of the animals, the smell of dust like red pepper in the hot air. 
and now the sounds the thump of distant antelope feet on soft grassy ground, the
papery rustle of vultures. a shadow passed through the sky. 
george hadley looked up, and as he watched the shadow moved across his sweating face. horrible creatures, he heard his wife say.

as for the nursery thought george hadley, it won't hurt for the children to be locked out of it a while. 
too much of anything isn't good for anyone. and it was clearly indicated that the children had been spending a little too much time on africa. 
that sun. he could still feel it on his neck, like a hot paw. and the lions. and the smell of blood. 
remarkable how the nursery read the thoughts in the children's minds and created life to fill their every desire. the children thought lions, and there were lions. 
the children thought zebras, and there were zebras. sun sun. giraffes giraffes. 
death and death.
that last. he ate the meat that the table had cut for him without tasting it. death thoughts. 
they were awfully young, wendy and peter, for death thoughts. 
or, no you were never too young, really.
long before you knew what death was you were wishing it on someone else. when you were 2 years old you were shooting people with toy guns.
george didn't answer lydia… he was too busy thinking of something else. 
he let the lights shine softly on ahead of him, turn off behind him as he walked quietly to the nursery door. he listened against it. 
far away, a lion roared. he unlocked the door and opened it. just before he stepped inside, he heard a faraway scream. 
and then another roar from the lions, which died down quickly. he stepped into africa.

there was a green lovely forest a lovely river, a purple mountain, high voices singing. 
and there was rima the bird girl, lovely and mysterious!glourious. she was hiding in the trees with colorful butterflies, like flowers coming to life, flying about her long hair. the african veldt was gone. 
the lions were gone. only rima was here now, singing a song so beautiful that it brought tears to your eyes.

he said. he showed it to her. the smell of hot grass was on it… and the smell of a lion.
it was wet from being in the lion's mouth, there were tooth marks on it, and there was dried blood on 2 sides. he closed the door and locked it, tight.
my dear george a psychologist never saw a fact in his life. 
he only hears about feelings. things that aren't always clearly expressed. this doesn't feel good, i tell you. trust me. 
i have a nose for something bad. this is very bad. my advice to you is to have the whole damn room torn down and your children brought to me every day during the next year for treatment.


